[Music]
welcome to slash forward prepare to make
a big batch of trouser chili as we
continue exploring the conjuring
universe with La Llorona also released
in 2019 let's get to it
we open in Mexico 1673 we see a couple
of dapper young peasant boys gift their
mama a necklace before playing hide and
seek extreme wilderness challenge the
younger brother eventually wins by
finding his mother but immediately
wishes he hadn't flash-forward in 1973
where we witness a chaotic but well
choreographed mourning as the family
attempts to make the bus but in vain
this turns out to be a recurring theme
for Ana and so some of her CPS caseload
has been transferred to Donna as a
reward for her punctuality Ana manages
to retain the Alvarez family her
personal favorites and finds the
situation deteriorated she manages the
talk her way in and observes some
unusual behavior but no kids mrs.
Alvarez wants her to stay clear of the
door and tries to hammer the point home
without ever explaining why so when the
officer drags her off and Ana comes out
of the scuffle with the key she frees
the boys who actually seem to prefer
their privacy that night the shelter
Thomas goes blinking down the hallways
while Carlos tries to catch up with his
bro Oh what you pointing at I see
Ana gets a call and arrives on scene
with her kids in tow we learned the boys
were found in the river and mrs. Alvarez
blames Ana finally mentioning the name
la Llorona when Chris gets out to do
some junior detective work he's drawn in
by some faint crying that's 80% likely
to be a junkie with a rusty knife he
kind of Luck's out that it's not except
he's also now cursed at the boys funeral
Ana's greeted by father Perez who's
never met a stranger he doesn't like to
explain things to so she asks him about
the legend of La Llorona he explains
that to hurt her husband who cheated on
her she killed their children then
realized that kind of hurts her as well
so now she roams the shadow realm
looking for proxy children to drown to
his swage her pain the next day Samantha
has her own interaction with the specter
who tries to lead her to the water
before burning her little Ana finds her
crying and injured but unwilling to talk
that evening detective Cooper comes by
to seek out some help hoping that mrs.
Alvarez is anger toward Ana will get her
to admit something since she has an
otherwise solid alibi for when her kids
would have been killed as she reviews
the case files she notices a connection
between injuries on the boys and her
kids and the house fills with a spooky
energy and I hear some banging noises
and wanders
through her palatial California estate
turns out it was just Chris sleepwalking
however she puts him to bed and finds
more evidence of a presence there's
someone in here if you're a spirit you
have to tell me she's confronted but
manages to repel the ghost with
shrieking and then her children come to
check on mommy's degrading emotional
state Danny goes to the jail the next
day looking like garbage from her
all-nighter with a new agenda of asking
mrs. Alvarez to tell her some ghost
stories
and she obliges Wow gone Chris here's a
faint crying sound and goes to check on
his sister she's not there and her
curtains end up flirting with him a bit
but come on too strong right as Ana gets
home requiring medical treatment and is
forced to take him to the hospital and
risk being confronted by a mandatory
reporter she ends up on the receiving
end of a welfare check all administered
by people with whom she shares a
professional relationship no one tells
him it was a ghost though so she's gonna
have that report hanging over her head
on the way out Cooper confirms they had
to release mrs. Alvarez due to a lack of
evidence so at least Ana knows she's
unlikely to go down when her children
are eventually murdered Ana tries to get
Chris to open up while Sam has a moment
of respite enjoying a normal everyday
activity a bubble bath with a
deep-tissue Scout massage from mommy
Llorona things start out well but she
proves to be over committed to the rince
aunt arrives just in time to get her out
safely while Chris just stands there and
points at something
come on use your words they run to
father Perez but fear he may not believe
them he confirms after his experience
with Annabelle he'll basically believe
anything he offers to pencil them in
with the archdiocese in several weeks
who recommends a freelancer if they need
faster results they almost get caught up
in a matter of conflicting
responsibilities as Raphael immediately
refers them back to the church when sam
says the magic word he gathers his
trinkets and goes to their home a quick
egg test confirms an abundance of dark
energy in the house Raphael said the
eggs would be filled with blood and
equal measure to the presence of evil so
who knows what this black goo is meant
to indicate they all set the moon and
hang out until they get indications of
lava in his presence in this case
manifested by what sounds like bringing
Christmas decorations down from the
Attic she makes short work of their
protections coming in WWE style then she
goes for some classic ghosting dragging
Chris through the house before Raphael
repels her and blocks her out with fire
tree scene she focuses her attention on
the back giving Sam an opportunity to
retrieve her dolly from the front porch
perhaps the danger hasn't been
sufficiently expressed to you when she
snatched they go to confront Llorona in
the pool Raphael blesses the water in
the name of Ponderosa
and we learned that Anna is very
talented at snatch and hoes jewelry in
the middle of a scuffle after a bit a
new threat emerges when mrs. Alvarez
shows up and unblocks the doorway hoping
that sacrificing and his children will
bring back hers and Llorona decides to
get serious just wanting to drown some
damn kids Chris and Sam find themselves
alone upstairs where the Rona continues
to demonstrate her mastery of doors so
they end up in the attic where they're
able to hold her off just long enough
for Anna to get there and express her
maternal love with a heart stabbed from
a fire tree crucifix causing her to
dissipate the next morning they send
Raphael off in a cabin get back to
normal life
and that was the curse of La Llorona a
story about a mother's undying love and
devotion to her children and another's
unending guilts rage and thirst for
vengeance due to her own actions so it's
kind of a neutral message if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching